Add table of contents to SETUP.md (#304)
manubot/rootstock: SETUP.md

> - [Cloning the manubot/rootstock repository to create a new manuscript](#cloning-the-manubot-rootstock-repository-to-create-a-new-manuscript)

Reviewer: The table of contents is a great addition.  I was testing it and noticed GitHub sanitizes `manubot/rootstock` differently here:
`#cloning-the-manubotrootstock-repository-to-create-a-new-manuscript`

We can touch that up in a future pull request.

  * [Configuration](#configuration)
  * [Create repository](#create-repository)
  * [Continuous integration](#continuous-integration)
    + [Deploy key](#deploy-key)
      - [Add the public key to GitHub](#add-the-public-key-to-github)
      - [Add the private key to GitHub](#add-the-private-key-to-github)
    + [GitHub Actions](#github-actions)
    + [Travis CI](#travis-ci)
    + [Previewing pull request builds with AppVeyor](#previewing-pull-request-builds-with-appveyor)
    + [CI clean up](#ci-clean-up)
  * [README updates](#readme-updates)
  * [Finalize](#finalize)
- [Merging upstream rootstock changes](#merging-upstream-rootstock-changes)

> <small><i><a href='http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/'>Table of contents generated with markdown-toc</a></i></small>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Table of contents generated with [markdown-toc](https://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/)_
```

Reviewer 2: @olgabot, can you commit this suggestion and then I'll merge
